That's right, the old man is here to clean up the door
It's over. It's over.
Zhong Kui hand long face
Shu Qiang didn't dare to take them in
The dead are great
Didn't you come to defeat Li Hutong Shuai today?
Are you crazy?
I'm not kneeling
Who wants to worship this short-lived ghost?
Ru Mo's heroic spirit is extremely sinful
Somebody make you kneel
Hey, the depositor, sir.
You send money to worship
That's my brother, my friend. Yeah
In the future, when you have something to do, the hero will come to me.
Luming
Brother-in-law, we know we were wrong.
We were all forced by that bastard Chen Hao
Yes, yes, yes, he forced it.
You see my daughter in court
Let us go
Forgive you, do you forgive me?
Hello
Luming, I'm afraid I'll lose by being compared as a comrade
Don't worry
You'll be fine if you get rich
I'll go with you.